Helping you to roll out A.I. in Go-To-Market
On our Journey of building a bootstrapped MVP, to disrupt how people buy in B2B.


OUR TEAM
Meet the Journey.ai team
20 years of experience in tech and has been the CTO of multiple companies. Founder of an AI implementation agency, now joining forces with Stephane to build Journey.ai as its technical co-founder.

He has a deep understanding of AI and can translate business requirements into scalable technical solutions to solve customer problems and is the perfect person to build Journey.ai’s technology.
Nasir Shadravan
Co-founder & CTO
Dedicated 14 years to operating complex B2B SaaS and AI-aaS co’s as Chief Revenue Officer (CRO) with an Enterprise and/or Mid-market focused GTM motions.

After having been a former champion of seller-led sales flows, he thought of rethinking the process from a white page. Starting from the buyer and a buyer-led & -controlled approach. Based on his own frustrations as a buyer and even more so, as a seller.
Stephane Maes
Co-founder & CEO
AI-specialized Computer Science Researcher and Python Developer focusing on NLP and Language Models. Expertise in fine-tuning LMs, developing RAG systems, and AI evaluation tools.

Combining research acumen with practical engineering skills. His background spans both theoretical AI and production-ready system implementation, positioning him to deliver cutting-edge AI solutions.
Shahriar Shariati
A.I. & NLP Engineer

Starting out as an implementation partner.
BOOTSTRAPPED APPROACH TO MVP
To achieve building our MVP we first start as an AI implementation partner helping you to optimize your go-to-market workflows and overall GTM operations - with AI. 

That way, we can dive into all workflows, use cases, software and data, with multiple customers, before developing our product based on those implementation experiences.

We'd love to help you identify how you could use AI in your current sales approach, in a variety of ways. And to be part of your journey, if you’d care to be part of ours.



By buying our services you’re supporting a bootstrapped startup with building our Minimal Viable Product (MVP).
LINK TO JOURNEY’S PRODUCT TEASER

Unclear Where AI 
Can Add Value

Not knowing where AI can drive impact, leading to hesitation and missed opportunities.
Siloed & 
Inconsistent Data

Critical data is spread across multiple systems, making AI integration difficult.

AI Struggles to 
Understand Context

Without a structured knowledge foundation, AI fails to generate relevant or useful insights.

What we often encounter at customers.
OUR CUSTOMERS’ CHALLENGES
Poor Data Quality 
Slows AI Adoption

Inaccurate, incomplete, or unstructured data prevents AI from delivering reliable results.
Security & 
Compliance Risks

Connecting AI to sensitive business data without security and governance leads to risks.

Lack of AI-Optimized 
Data Processing

AI models require structured, enriched, and real-time data flows to work properly.









































Data Integration Layer
Selection Workflows & Tools
Software
Project based roll-out of desired AI implementations to optimize workflows.

Starting with the foundation by creating an AI-ready data platform.
Scanning your whole sales process & all workflows for AI optimization.
Data Sources
Workflows
1
4
2
A.I. SCAN
AI ROLL-OUT
AI-READY
Validation
Semantic Layer
OUR AI IMPLEMENTATION SERVICES
How we help you to get the most out of AI across your complete go-to-market workflow.
Implementation
RAG Knowledge Foundation











Setup & Configuration
Meaningful output and the ability for team members to “talk to your data”.
3
AI ASSISTANT
Validation & Guardrails
Security & Access Management
5

AI Feasibility & 
Workflow Analysis

Identifying where AI can create efficiencies in & improve decision-making in all workflows.
Unify Data Across 
All Systems

Break down data silos and create a centralized data environment that AI can access.





Layer for AI Contextualization

Structuring data with metadata, semantic layers & RAG to help AI understand business context.


How we make a difference in your journey to implement AI across GTM.
OUR SOLUTIONS
Ensure High-Quality, AI-Optimized Data

Clean, enrich & validate data to eliminate errors and inconsistencies, pre-processing.
Strong Security & Compliance Controls

Establishing access controls, encryption, and compliance frameworks to protect the data.

A Scalable AI-Ready Infrastructure

A flexible data architecture that supports AI automation and real-time decision-making.




1. HOLISTIC AI SCAN
Evaluate the impact of AI across all your go-to-market workflows.


Holistic AI Scans start with a kick-off meeting. During and after that meeting we exchange all necessary information for us to get to work.

We also organize 1 or 2 workflow deep-dive workshop(s) to deeply understand the use cases, workflow, tools, data and data sources.

Next our team starts by studying your complete go-to-market workflow, tech stack and all correlated data sources to recommend AI optimization opportunities in-house.
Finally, you will get a complete view & report on what’s possible technologically today - and what that could mean for you concretely. 

1. HOLISTIC AI SCAN 
Evaluate the impact of AI across all your go-to-market workflows.


1. Market Research & 
ICP Development AI

ICP Analysis
Data Provider
Competitive Intel
Intent Signals
2. Lead generation & 
Data Enrichment AI

AI Data Scraping
AI Data Enrichment 
AI Visitor Identification 
AI Account Research
3. Qualification & 
Prioritization AI

AI Lead Management 
AI Data Insights 
AI Deal Intelligence 
AI Sales Workflow 
4. Multi-Channel
Outreach AI

Email
LinkedIn
Video/Voice
Call Automation
5. Meeting & Demo AI

Meeting Preparation
Meeting Analysis & Notes
Sales Enablement
Proposals
Coaching
6. Deal Management AI

CRM
Pricing
Forecasting
Conversion tracking
Sales comp. tools
7. Post-Sale AI

Onboarding
Customer success
Customer support
Workflow automation
8. Analytics & Optimization AI

Process improvement.
Campaign optimization
Custom solution dev.
Auto CRM updates
Tool Integration Req.

Verify tool compatibility
Set up data flow
Configure automation
Ensure security
Train teams
Performance Monitoring

Set up KPI tracking
Monitor tool effectiveness
Regular system audits
ROI analysis
Team feedback collection
Notes

Not all tools necessary 
Start with essentials
Regular stack review
Ensure data protection 
Human oversight

1. HOLISTIC AI SCAN
Evaluate the impact of AI across all your go-to-market workflows.


1. Market Research & ICP Development AI

AI ICP Analysis tools for defining the ICP
AI Data Provider tools for market insights
AI Competitive Intelligence tools for market positioning
AI Intent Signals tools for market demand analysis
2. Lead generation & Data Enrichment AI

AI Data Scraping tools for gathering prospects
AI Data Enrichment tools for completing contact info
AI Visitor Identification tools for website traffic analysis
AI Account Research tools for company insights
AI Sales Extension tools for browser-based prospecting
3. Lead Qualification & Prioritization AI

AI Lead Management tools for scoring and prioritizing
AI Data Insights tools for prospect analysis
AI Deal Intelligence tools for opportunity assessment
AI Sales Workflow tools for process automation
4. Multi-Channel Outreach AI

AI Email Deliverability tools for ensuring inbox placement
AI Personalization tools for customized messaging
AI Copywriting tools for content creation
AI Video Prospecting tools for video messages
AI Voice Note Prospecting tools for audio messages
AI Phone Dialing tools for call campaigns
AI Cold Caller tools for automated calling
AI All-in-One Prospecting tools for coordinated outreach

1. HOLISTIC AI SCAN
Evaluate the impact of AI across all your go-to-market workflows.


5. Meeting & Demo Phase AI

AI Meeting Preparation for extensive meeting prep.
AI Meeting notes & deep analysis
AI Sales Enablement tools for presentation materials
AI Proposal tools for creating proposals
AI Sales Coaching tools for improving performance
6. Deal Management & Negotiation AI

AI CRM tools for relationship management
AI Pricing Optimization tools for quote generation
AI Sales Forecasting tools for pipeline management
AI Sales Funnel tools for conversion tracking
AI Sales Compensation tools for commission calculation
7. Post Sale AI

AI Customer Success tools for onboarding
AI Customer Service tools for support
AI Automation tools for workflow automation
8. Analytics & Optimization AI

AI Sales Workflow tools for process improvement
AI Advertising tools for campaign optimization
AI Models for custom solution development
AI updates your CRM based on meeting data

1. HOLISTIC AI SCAN
Evaluate the impact of AI across all your go-to-market workflows.


Tool Integration Requirements

Verify compatibility between selected tools
Set up data flow between systems
Configure automation rules
Establish security protocols
Train team members on tool usage
Performance Monitoring

Set up KPI tracking
Monitor tool effectiveness
Regular system audits
ROI analysis
Team feedback collection
Good to know

Not all tools may be necessary for every organization
Consider starting with essential tools and expanding 
Regularly review and optimize tool stack
Ensure compliance with data protection regulations
Maintain human oversight of AI-powered processes

2. AI-READY DATA PLATFORM
Helping you to prepare your data to start experimenting & operationalizing A.I.


It all starts with the go-to-market data, by creating a “universal truth” between all data, tools and data sources for AI to work with.

We connect all your data sources & tools to a data pipeline and then to an embedding model and a semantic layer. Next we connect it a vector database and a RAG (retrieval augmented generation) that connects to an orchestration platform.

Where we then can consolidate, clean & transform data so you can start experimenting and implementing AI with:

- AI-driven workflow automation
- AI-assistants (internal/external use)
- AI-agents
- API/integrations




Semantic Layer



Data Pipeline



Vector Database



WorkflowAutomations
2. AI-READY DATA PLATFORM
How we build an advanced data model so you can talk to your data.





LLMInterface
Talk to your data & tools.“Hello.”
LLM Cache
Validation & Guardrails
LLMops



EmbeddingModel
Orchestration & Automation



Agents



APIs & Plugins



Orchestration Platform



RAG Engine
Data Platform: Data Ingestion, Storage, Governance, Quality & Catalog
All Data Sources: Structured & Unstructured Data



AI Assistants

3. AI ASSISTANT (INTERNAL USE)
Talk to your data across all linked sources & software, via an LLM interface & front - and take action.


Next we create an LLM interface. This allows you to use this LLM interface as a front. 

This interface is connected to all these sources and enables you to combine all that data, with the intelligence of the LLM and to steer action.
We are also actively building out a library of templates of prompts & output frameworks for all sorts of workflows which we customize for each use case and customer

So you can have structured output in various forms, depending on the use case & need.


3. TALK TO YOUR DATA
Topics you could talk about: the options are limitless. 


MARKETING

Campaign Analytics & Optimization
Attribution & Journey Analysis
Budget Optimization
Content Performance
Brand Health Monitoring
Market Intelligence
Competitive Analysis
Audience Segmentation
SALES

Pipeline Management
Sales Intelligence
Territory & Account Planning
Sales Enablement & Onboarding
Deal Analytics
Performance Optimization
Sales Forecasting
Win/Loss Analysis
CUSTOMER SUCCESS

Proactive Account Management
Usage & Adoption
Customer Journey Optimization
Value Realization
Support Analytics
Customer Health Monitoring
Churn Prediction
NPS & Feedback Analysis
REVENUE OPERATIONS

Forecasting & Planning
Process Optimization
Data Quality & Enrichment
Cross-functional Intelligence
System Optimization
Strategic Planning
Revenue Attribution
Compliance Monitoring

3. CONCRETE EXAMPLES: INTERNAL USE
Questions you could ask your data.


MARKETING

Campaign Analytics & Optimization
“Compare engagement across content types and suggest what to focus on next quarter"

Attribution & Journey Analysis
"What's the average number of touchpoints before conversion for each customer segment?"

Budget Optimization
"What's our customer acquisition cost trend by channel over the last 18 months?"

Content Performance
"Show me content gaps in our funnel based on engagement drop-offs"
SALES

Pipeline Management
"What's the health score of each opportunity based on all interaction data?"

Sales Intelligence
"Summarize all recent interactions with Account X across email, calls, and meetings"

Territory & Account Planning
"What accounts show buying signals but haven't been contacted recently?"

Sales Enablement
"What content is most effective at each sales stage based on close rates?"



CUSTOMER SUCCESS

Proactive Account Management
"Flag accounts showing churn risk indicators based on product usage and engagement"

Usage & Adoption
"Identify customers who would benefit from specific features they're not using"

Customer Journey Optimization
"What support issues commonly precede churn?"

Value Realization
"Generate quarterly business reviews automatically from usage and outcome data"


REVENUE OPERATIONS

Forecasting & Planning
"Generate revenue forecasts incorporating all pipeline, historical, and market data"

Process Optimization
"Show me where we're losing efficiency in our quote-to-cash process"

Data Quality & Enrichment
"Find and suggest fixes for data inconsistencies across our revenue stack"

Cross-functional Intelligence
"Create unified customer health scores incorporating all department data"

3. AI ASSISTANT (EXTERNAL USE)
Let customers talk to your software - and take action.

Do you already offer an AI Assistant for your customers, embedded in your website/product? 

Just like we can make an AI Assistant for internal use, we can make an AI assistant for your customers to use.

So customers can then talk to your website, software, their data and your data. But it goes further than just talking…
Allowing them to take actions in terms of guided learning, advanced operations, system management and data intelligence.


3. CLIENTS TALKING TO YOUR DATA
Topics your customers could talk about: the options are limitless. 


GUIDED LEARNING

Contextual Help & Onboarding
Feature Discovery
Best Practices
Interactive Tutorials
Personalized Learning Paths
Success Templates
Quick Start Guides
Feature Recommendations
ADVANCED OPERATIONS

Workflow Automation
Integration Management
Custom Reporting
Batch Operations
Schedule Management
Alert Configuration
Data Pipeline Creation
Automated Testing
SYSTEM MANAGEMENT

Configuration Assistance
Data Management
Problem Resolution
User Access Control
Backup & Recovery
System Health Monitoring
Version Control
Security Settings
DATA INTELLIGENCE

Analytics & Visualization
Performance Insights
Trend Analysis
Predictive Forecasting
Cohort Analysis
Anomaly Detection
Conversion Tracking
A/B Test Analysis

3. CONCRETE EXAMPLES: FOR CUSTOMERS
Questions your customers could ask your software.


GUIDED LEARNING

Contextual Help & Onboarding
"How do I get started with my first project?"

Feature Discovery
"What features am I not using that could help my workflow?"

Best Practices
"Show me the recommended way to structure my workspace"

Interactive Tutorials
"Guide me through setting up my first template"
ADVANCED OPERATIONS

Workflow Automation
"Automate the approval process when someone submits a new item"

Integration Management
"Connect this to my other work tools"

Custom Reporting
"Create a view showing my team's progress"

Batch Operations
"Update all items with this new status at once"

SYSTEM MANAGEMENT

Configuration Assistance
"Help me customize my workspace settings"

Data Management
"Import my customer list from this spreadsheet"

Problem Resolution
"Why can't I share this with my team?"

Access Control
"Set up permissions for my new team member"


DATA INTELLIGENCE

Analytics & Visualization
"Show me which features of the platform I use most ineffectively"

Performance Insights
"Which team members are underutilizing key features that could boost their productivity?"

Trend Analysis
"Which workflows are saving us the most time?"

Predictive Forecasting
"Based on our usage patterns, when will we need to upgrade our plan?"


Based on our performed AI workflow scan and recommendations, we can help you with implementing AI into your workflows.We completely set it up for you, onboard you and make sure it’s running, doing and acting as intended - to maximise its impact & value.

This is always done on a project-basis and scoped implementation by implementation. According to your preference, timeline & budget.
4. FURTHER AI IMPLEMENTATION
Get started with implementing AI into your workflows, one step at a time.


4. FURTHER AI IMPLEMENTATION
How we implement AI into your GTM workflows.

1.

Define process
IdentifyData Sources

2.
Setup
Technology

4.
Implement


6.
3.

Choose Technology
5.

Test & Improve
7.

Check Results

FOCUS

You can count on us to help you with experimenting and operationalizing AI in GTM. So you can focus on your core activities.
SPEED

Implement AI much faster with our help in comparison to figuring it all out by yourself. Leverage our expertise for speed.
GTM + AI KNOWLEDGE

Thanks to what we’re building & our backgrounds as a team, we are operating at the absolute forefront of AI in go-to-market.
Tech. companies often feel the obligation to experiment & implement AI by themselves.
WHY WORK WITH US?
AI THAT WORKS

People often experiment with AI and find it doesn’t work. AI does work, if you set it up properly. 
We set it up properly with you.
HOLISTIC VIEW

Instead of uncontrolled AI experimentation cross teams & company, implement AI in a controlled & holistic way.

AI ASSISTANT
Internal use or for customers
AI-READY
Creation of an AI data platform
Then we connect the AI data platform to an LLM to combine all that data, with the intelligence of the LLM.

This is developed and set-up in-house for you, without any licence or recurring fees other than the needed software. 
A next step is creating the AI-ready data platform, by cleaning, transforming and preparing the data.

This will be used as data source for the semantic layer & RAG to call on. Based on this, you can then start to experiment with AI.
23
PRICING
Overview.
Diving into your sales workflows (and tech stack), where we apply our AI Scan format to identify your possibilities with AI.

We then host a workshop to go over the possibilities and the impact of implementing certain AI into your current workflows.

AI SCAN
Discover your possibilities with AI
Starting from* 
€7.499
Starting from* 
€12.499
Starting from* 
€9.999
(*) All pricing is project-based and a project’s duration is determined by 
the scale and number of data sources, workflows & implementation(s)
IMPLEMENTATION
Roll-out of AI over your workflows
Based on the AI Scan, we can implement different types of AI of your choice, into your sales workflows and set it up for you.

You buy the software, we implement it for you and make sure it works and fits into your workflows, as planned.

Starting from* 
€4.999

TIER 1
Est. Teamsize: 10-26
TIER 2
Est. Teamsize: 26-50
TIER 3
Est. Teamsize: 51-200
24
FOUNDING CLIENTS PROMO: A.I. SCAN 
Identify 10x cost-saving opportunities or AI efficiencies within 1-3 weeks.
All-in
€7.499
All-in
€9.999
All-in
€14.999



1

1 



✓ 
 
✓

✓ 
✓



2

1 



✓ 
 
✓

✓ 
✓




2

1 



✓ 
 
✓

✓ 
✓



Together with the Client

Mapping workshop (4h)

AI possibilities workshop (2-4h)

Journey.ai’s team (4-10 days)

Deepscan of all data sources

Deepscan of all workflows

Mapping all AI opportunities

Summarizing report

TIER 4
Est. Teamsize: 200+
All-in
€19.999



2

1 



✓ 
 
✓

✓ 
✓

Book a call here
Stephane Maes
Co-founder & CEO

+32 498 71 91 82
stephane@semicolon.io
Nasir Shadravan
Co-founder & CTO

+31 639 88 17 06
nasir@semicolon.io
What we’re building
